README.md, before:

# Spradbot

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/spradbot`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spradbot'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install spradbot

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/spradbot.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Adding WeatherRetriever to Fetch Weather Forecasts

README.md, after:

# Spradbot

### Requirements

- Respond to two commands triggered upon mention. "Weather now" and "Weather tomorrow".  They do what you'd expect.
- When the weather is going to be significantly different from yesterday, let @channel know in the morning.
- One embellishment of your choice. Determine a feature you think this bot should have, and implement it.

### Embelishment

Icon

- forecast.currently.icon
- forecast.daily.data[1].icon

### Durability

- Flag: darksky-unavailable

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spradbot'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install spradbot

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
